Added C# version alert, include it in concerning article (#20499)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/includes/csharp-version-alert.md

---
author: IEvangelist
ms.author: dapine
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 09/08/2020
---

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > C# is versioned. Depending on the version of C# you're using, various features may or may not be available. C# versions are *defaulted* based on the target framework. For more information, see [C# language versioning defaults](../language-reference/configure-language-version.md#defaults).

Reviewer: I think it's important to guide readers to the version we document. How about something like this instead of the first sentence:

```suggestion
> The official documentation tracks the latest C# version. We are currently writing for C# 9.0. Depending on the version of C# you're using, various features may not be available. The *default* C# version for your project is based on the target framework. For more information, see [C# language versioning defaults](../language-reference/configure-language-version.md#defaults).
```
